
PROJECT PROPOSAL
Development of US immigration forms system
Tuesday, June 17, 2021
Description
Jesús Abinader is a provider of consultancy services in the area of Income Tax, IRS and immigration for the greater US market. He is planning to increase his client base by including a service to facilitate the submission of immigration services requests forms.
 
For that matter, Mr Abinader has contacted Jose Luis Liranzo's IT engineering services to design and develop the solution he seeks at an affordable cost.
 
The system will allow users to to choose the services they want help with and fill in the forms attached to that service. The user also, will be able to pay on line for the requested services. Jesús Abinader's role will be to collect both request and payment and process the forms with the relevant authorities in the government of the United States. The system will be able to keep records for a minimum of 5 years of such transactions.

Objectives
To design and create a online service request and form filling system with its associated app 
To be able to service clients both assisted or unassisted form filling and submission of such requests
To keep records of transaction for at least 5 years 

Scope
As described earlier, the development will consist of a service select ans form filling system for unlimited solicitations,capacity to provide this services online and record keeping of such for at least 5 years. 

The system will include an online subscription and or registration and a payment service.
features
automatic registration
form filling
form printing
procurement & payment
test & delivery



timeframe
Phase 1 • March 2021-July 2021
Design and development of responsive website with appearance of an web app

Phase 2 • July 2021-Sep 2021
inclusion of payment processing and form printing app + record keeping

Phase 3 • Sept 2021
Launch and final delivery of system


PROJECT BUDGET $2,200 (USD)

NON-RECURING 
30% advance payment $660
Mid Inspection Payment $840
Final test payment $700
Engineering Services $0
Project Planning $0

RECURING (MONTHLY)
Online Services $50
e-mail Services $20
Cloud hosting $100
Cloud storage $50

KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Client 
Jesús Abinader, CEO • Abinader Services
Development Contractor 
Jose Luis Liranzo, CEO • Liranzo's Systems Engineering
Project Manager 
Eliaquin Encarnacion, Consultant • Eliaquin Developers

MONITORING AND EVALUATION
A third-party development firm, Eliaquin Developers is responsible for monitoring technical issues and progress.
A third-party engineering firm, UNK Engineers, will monitor developing components.
An internal team has been brought together to oversee all aspects of planning and progress, to 
analyze the nature of delays and to optimize the execution of every project in each phase.

APPROVAL SIGNATURES
PROJECT MANAGER PROJECT SPONSOR PROJECT CLIENT
Eliaquin Encarnación Jose Luis Liranzo Jesús Abinader